docs: add simple JTC example (#284)
aica-technology/api: docs/docs/examples/guides/04-jtc-example.md

should see your robot in its default joint configuration, along with 4 Cartesian frames named
**start, waypoint_1, waypoint_2, and waypoint_3** that form a triangle. As you may have guessed, this application
controls the robot such that it traverses the Cartesian frames in that order. 

<div class="text--center">
  <img src={jtcExampleFrames} alt="Cartesian frames for JTC" />
</div>

For now, let us go back to the graph view. Once there, turn your attention to the trigger button that connects to the
`Set trajectory` service of the Joint Trajectory controller. Click on the gear icon on the edge that connects the button
to the controller. You will see the following service payload:

```yaml
{
  frames: [start, waypoint_1, waypoint_2, waypoint_3, start],
  times_from_start: [2.0, 4.0, 6.0, 8.0, 10.0]
}
```

This message defines 2 of the variables that JTC can use in order to execute a trajectory, namely: 

1. `frames`: a list of the Cartesian frames that you would like to traverse, in the order that they should be visited.
2. `times_from_start`: a list of times (in seconds) measured from the start, indicating when JTC should reach each 
frame.
 

> Naturally, the two vectors need to be of the same size. Also, notice how the payload frame names correspond to the ones

Author: rephrased there accordingly, should be tidier now

> Naturally, the two vectors need to be of the same size. Also, notice how the payload frame names correspond to the ones
> available in the 3D view (or yaml application) to anticipate what the trajectory execution will look like.

Author: ```suggestion
Ensure both vectors have the same length and that each payload frame name matches those shown in the
3D view or YAML application. This way, you can verify that your payload is correct and anticipate the 
trajectory execution.
```
